the small division of the German
racing championship so to two
liter displacement only after one
introductory round on rain tires again
closed the boxes just before the
was starting drizzle
again, it died and you decided
Together, after all, with the thing
flex tackle the matter of a race
over 18 laps were 30 vehicles
involved but basically it just went around
2, the 38-year-old defending champion
freer from Mönchengladbach with the
lancia beta turbo or klaus ludwig bonn
winner of the two previous ones
races in zolder and on the nürburgring
ludwig on a 500 hp strong and turo
capri and with a full 30 more ps
equipped opposite and away as
the fastest on the best
starting place was still from ludwigs
teammates klaus nothing is in it
second row has been displaced
is started after the napoli is
a so-called security state
the red-white capri of ludwig sets
immediately to the top
in blue lancia shoots from the
second row the second position
he had his second place
but already in the first round
leave again
Pretty soon ludwig and sat down
some distance behind it nothing fix
From the rest of the field we never get two
ludwig cleverly controlled the
not constantly between four and
six seconds
nothing and gave a himself
interesting duel twice kurt says
meier in the lead
here the lead attacks in the
Sachskurve but then he has to
give in
only far from the field
statistic already after a few rounds
the low achievers were terminated
ludwig still around
happy after 12 of 18 turns
this year alone are violent opponents
nothing is missing on the capri turbo
stayed with a technical defect
Hang somewhere on the track
Well , in the final phase could still
to bring something to ludwig without the
Master of 1979, however, seriously
to endanger
you ludwig a well-rounded driver and
heyer first so klaus ludwig curtain
free and sigi müller
Incidentally, the same goal enema as
eight days ago that does not exactly speak
for the variety in this class of
winner klaus ludwig already travels tomorrow
He's in the US around the next weekend
in Atlanta at an American
racing series
his vehicle is one of his team speed
prepared ford mustang
a sports championship in germany
this is highly-cultivated automotive technology
uncompromising technology expensive technology
top car of this race series costs
today around 300,000 mark at least as well
much like a formula 1 remember
the reward for the investment
speed the goal of victory in the
large division over two liters of displacement
is the number of candidates for the victory
come twice as big as in
the little four namely hans stuck
a new bmw m1 turbo there is that
This device is by far the rumor of this device
ps strongest nobody wants there of course
to cover his cards on the
felde
However, it is in the long bayern
so far not only joy
a failure and a third place the
written 800 to 1000 ps of the right
So certainly not we drive
currently with 760 ps and of course
another brand new car
accordingly problems with the vote
the great act of strength but there was the car
projecting only the third stretch over
and the third place has two weeks
proved the car is competitive
and we have now for the first time
next week time extensively
test drives and then believe
to get there
the porsche 935 of jochen mass was allowed
ps what the performance in terms a tee
bmw closest but he has
a huge advantage considering good 50
kilo less
the same applies to the porsche of the
French from Strasbourg there completely too
only where has lag in this season already
won a race
that at the nürburgring last
Manfred has also won the weekend
winkelhock from waiblingen already that
first races in zolder with about 600 ps
he has the least of the top drivers
horses under the hood
that he just on the engines
route hockenheim
The fastest was the training
low weight and impeccable
handling his ford capri turbo the
start watching in slow motion this time
direction on the left now its
momentous in the former times to the point
Had to be in the middle of the convertible
angle right outside bolek a real one
piece of the bayern sits down to the
top
but already at the entrance to the motodrom
So after three quarters round a new one
order of mars then i want then
Winkelhock only ranked five by it
not problems with the car
and actually after a round
the spotted im has to be in the box
are dropouts
stuck and now some weak ones
continue driving round
But then he had the helmet finally
settle pitch for piece the car needs
there is not only some time left
fast but also steady
The rest of the race is quickly told
the two porsche turbo of mars and
Holick drivers at the top
winkelhock has visible reasons
to follow difficulties
jürgen maas already got him in the
first round so meant as believes
the race for no apparent reason
touched on the side
the consequence of course unfavorable
dynamic behavior of the vehicle and
no chance to keep the connection
during the race jochen maas
demands bolek pressed the ex
porn 1 pilots constantly managed
but not once
to get past moderate and so was on
the entry winner jochen mass tom walek
continue out
in front of manfred winkler from factories in
this division in the third season race
the third winner after winkelhock wool
standard size one missing